and in that day seven women shall take
hold of one man saying we will eat our
own food and wear our own apparel only
let us be called by your name
to take away our reproach in that day
the branch of the Lord shall be
beautiful and glorious and the fruit of
the earth shall be excellent and
appealing for those of Israel who have
escaped and it shall come to pass that
he who is left in Zion and remains in
Jerusalem will be called holy everyone
who is recorded among the living in
Jerusalem when the Lord has washed away
the filth of the daughters of Zion and
purged the blood of Jerusalem from her
midst by the Spirit of judgment and by
the spirit of burning then the Lord will
create above every dwelling place of
Mount Zion and above her assemblies a
cloud and smoke by day and the shining
of a flaming fire by night for over all
the glory there will be a covering and
there will be a tabernacle for shade in
the daytime from the heat for a place of
refuge and for a shelter from storm and
rain